So now, I will provide a tour of the TrackZilla web application,
which will include an introduction to the TrackZilla Spring Boot application,
the TrackZilla domain model, the associated Spring Data repositories,
and the in memory H2 database.
Let's review the TrackZilla architecture diagram.
We use the Postman Client to access our APIs.
The TrackZilla application layer has a controller,
a service layer, and we utilize the JpaRepository.
There's an H2 in-memory database, and there will be REST APIs.
The code can be cloned using the gitlab link.
I recommend that you follow along and clone the
project to your machine at this point.
You will need Git installed before you do this,
and let's walk through the final project.
TrackZilla has an application domain that has an id,
name, description,
and owner; and all of the associated getter and setter methods.
That application domain has an ApplicationRepository that extends JpaRepository,
there is a ticket domain that has an id,
title, description, appId, and associated getters and setters.
That ticket also has a TicketRepository that extends JpaRepository,
and has the findByAppId overloaded method.
So now, let's run our web server.
(Running web server) Tomcat started on port 8080.
So that means our application is up and running,
and Spring Data REST has worked its magic.
So, let's go to Postman to test one of our Spring Data REST APIs.
Let's test getting a list of applications.
So we're using the GET HTTP verb.
We're using localhost:8080/applications to get a list of applications,
so let's click Send.
The response is loaded in the window here, and we have a list of applications.
So in this case, an application named Bug Tracker,
with a description and owner; an application called Project Tracker,
with a description and owner.
So now let's look at the H2 embedded in-memory database
used by the TrackZilla application.
So this is the console for the H2 in-memory database,
we click Connect, and notice we have two entities,
application and ticket, and here we see both database tables for those entities.
So here in this console window, you can write simple SQL, and execute; and here we have a list of applications.